Clarify "Top level ORs" (#25505)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/downtimes/_index.md

* More than two levels of nesting, such as `team:app AND (service:auth OR (service:graphics-writer AND (env:prod OR (type:metric AND status:ok))))`, are not supported. At most, Downtimes accept two levels of nesting. Use separate Downtimes instead to break down the logic.
* Negation is only supported for key/value pairs and tags with `OR`. For example, `-key:value` and `-key(A OR B)`. Scopes such as `-service:(A AND B)`, `service:(-A OR -B)`, or `-service(A B)` are not supported.

> * Top level ORs are not supported. For example, `service:A OR service:B` will work but `service:A OR host:X` will not; this requires two separate Downtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Top level ORs are not supported. For example, `service:A OR service:B` is valid, but `service:A OR host:X` does not work. An OR between two different top level tags requires two separate Downtimes.
```

Author: Thank you for improving my improvement! This is much clearer

> * Top level ORs are not supported. For example, `service:A OR service:B` will work but `service:A OR host:X` will not; this requires two separate Downtimes.

Author: Hi Michael, that is definitely still correct, but can we use Ursula's version? I had intended to accept this suggestion but I must have pressed the wrong thing.

"Top level ORs are not supported. For example, `service:A OR service:B` is valid, but `service:A OR host:X` does not work. An OR between two different top level tags requires two separate Downtimes."
